1.  Whenever a user decides to delete their account. I'd like to see their profile pictures get deleted from firebase storage & also delete all the pictures that were sent with a message by that specific uid, these pictures stored in firebase storage should get deleted as well. The current function to delete a user can be found in auth_methods.dart file (at the very bottom).

2. If you click to view the comments of a message sent by your account and then click the 3 vertical dots icon on the upper right corner of that message, you'll have the option to delete that message. Trying to delete a message via the comments screen doesn't work like it does from the home screen. Sometimes it works but gives you this error:  "type 'Null' is not a subtype of type 'Map<String, dynamic>' in type cast" and shows the error to be in post.dart file. The task here would be to fix this error and to also make sure that the message gets deleted withotu any problems.

3. I'd like some adjustments made to the current search results we get when searching for a user in the search tab. Let's say a user types "u" in the search bar, it should display a list of all users with usernames that start with "u". Then if the user types "s" as the next letter, it should display all users that have "us" as the first 2 letters of their username. But it shouldn't display other usernames. Let me know if more details need to be given here and I gladly will.

4. In search.dart, when searching for a user, it displays a list of tiles with usernames & circle avatars, when clicking on a specific tile, it should navigate them to the user's profile associated with the uid of that specific tile.

5. When a user clicks on the "home" button in the search tab, it displays a list of tiles with trending keywords. Currently those keywords are simple strings that display the word "something". Instead of this, I'd like to display the most used keywords under the "tags" field that can be found in the "posts" collection in the firestore database. Additionally, it should also display the amount of times this specific keyword has been used (.length). The number of times the keyword has been used should replace the current number found at the right side of each tile (currently its a simple string containing "(336)"). But one thing to consider, it shouldn't count duplicates that are found under the same array. That means if a user decides to use the keyword "something" 3 times within one post, it should only count "something" as "1" and not as "3". Additionally, uppercase and lowercase letters shouldn't matter when it comes to keywords. The keywords shown on the list tile should always be in lowercase letters. If a user uses "SoMething" as their keyword, it should belong under "something". 

6. Now when a user types something in the search bar when "home" is selected, the trending keywords list should disappear and instead it should display a similar list of tiles but instead show a list of keywords that are being searched for. This should be the same kind of algorithm as searching for users. Example, if a user searches for "s", it should show all keywords that starts with "s". If the user then types "so", it should show all keywords that start with those two letters. And just like trending keywords, it should show the amount of times every keyword was used (excluding the times it was used in the same array/post). The order which the keywords should be shown is by the number of times it was used. Example: the user types "s" and there's a total of 2 keywords that start with the letter "s", one is "something", the other is "some", "something" was used 5 times but "some" was only used 2 times, this means "something" should be displayed before "some" in that list of tiles.

7. Clicking on a tile with a specific keyword should display all messages with that specific keyword under "tags" field in the firestore database. The posts should be displayed the same way they are on the home screen (you can use the exact same message_card.dart file to display the message cards). If the user clicks on the search bar again, it should go back to displaying a list of tiles containing keywords. When the user is scrolling down through keywords, the app bar shouldn't disappear but when the user is scrolling down through message cards, the appBar should disappear similar to the way the app bar disappears on the home screen.

8. This might already be fixed by the time you get to this task but I was having an issue trying to scroll all the way down to the bottom of the list. Example: trending list tiles should reach 30 tiles because that's the length used from the array that displays 1., 2., 3., etc. but the list gets cut around 25), I'm not sure if this has to do with the app bar not being a sliver app bar and blocking some of the last few tiles. The task here would be to make sure all the lists can scroll all the way down to the bottom.

if you create a message and then click on "comments" on the bottom of a message card, it'll navigate you to the comments section of the app, there you can create a comment and reply to comments. Then you'll see the comments collection within the 'posts' collection